content/2.components/1.ruby.md, before:

---
title: Ruby
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Ruby for the webserver and Sidekiq components, and administrators must ensure a supported Ruby version is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-ruby
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|     |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| --- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 4.0 | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.5 | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.4 | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.3 | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.2 | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |
| 3.1 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 3.0 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 2.7 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

References: [Ruby Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
ruby -v
```

::tip
Mastodon has file called `.ruby-version` in the source code that is the expected target version for that release.
You should use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) to install and manage the target Ruby version.
::

::note
The official Mastodon [container image](https://hub.docker.com/u/tootsuite) will always use the correct target version of Ruby for that release.
::

Commit message:

Move icon key to properties table within each page

content/2.components/1.ruby.md, after:

---
title: Ruby
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Ruby for the webserver and Sidekiq components, and administrators must ensure a supported Ruby version is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-ruby
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|     |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| --- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 4.0 | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.5 | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.4 | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.3 | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 3.2 | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |
| 3.1 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 3.0 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 2.7 | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [Ruby Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
ruby -v
```

::tip
Mastodon has file called `.ruby-version` in the source code that is the expected target version for that release.
You should use [rbenv](https://github.com/rbenv/rbenv) to install and manage the target Ruby version.
::

::note
The official Mastodon [container image](https://hub.docker.com/u/tootsuite) will always use the correct target version of Ruby for that release.
::
