content/2.components/2.node.md, before:

---
title: Node
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Node for asset compilation, and administrators must ensure a supported Node version is present and configured for operation of the streaming API.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-nodedotjs
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|      |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ---- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 25.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 24.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 22.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 20.x | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 18.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 16.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 14.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

References: [Node.js Releases](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
node -v
```

::tip
Mastodon will have a file called `.nvmrc` in the source code that is the expected target version for that release.
You should use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to install and manage the target Node version.
::

::warning
Odd numbered major Node.js releases (25.x, etc) should be used with caution and are recommended for use only by experienced administrators who are willing/able to provide feedback.
::

::note
The official Mastodon [container image](https://hub.docker.com/u/tootsuite) will always use the correct target version of Node for that release.
::

Commit message:

Move icon key to properties table within each page

content/2.components/2.node.md, after:

---
title: Node
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Node for asset compilation, and administrators must ensure a supported Node version is present and configured for operation of the streaming API.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-nodedotjs
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|      |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ---- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 25.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 24.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 22.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}    | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 20.x | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 18.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 16.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 14.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [Node.js Releases](https://github.com/nodejs/release#release-schedule)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
node -v
```

::tip
Mastodon will have a file called `.nvmrc` in the source code that is the expected target version for that release.
You should use [nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm) to install and manage the target Node version.
::

::warning
Odd numbered major Node.js releases (25.x, etc) should be used with caution and are recommended for use only by experienced administrators who are willing/able to provide feedback.
::

::note
The official Mastodon [container image](https://hub.docker.com/u/tootsuite) will always use the correct target version of Node for that release.
::
