content/2.components/3.postgres.md, before:

---
title: Postgres
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Postgres as the primary SQL database, and administrators must ensure a supported Postgres version is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-cib-postgresql
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|      |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |                 4.1                 |
| ---- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: |
| 18.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 17.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 16.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 15.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} |
| 14.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} |
| 13.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 12.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 11.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 10.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

References: [Postgres Versioning](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
psql --version
```

::caution
Always use caution when moving between major versions of Postgres (ex: 15.x to 16.x) as failure to adequately plan this migration may result in data-loss!
::

Commit message:

Move icon key to properties table within each page

content/2.components/3.postgres.md, after:

---
title: Postgres
description: Mastodon requires an installation of Postgres as the primary SQL database, and administrators must ensure a supported Postgres version is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-cib-postgresql
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

|      |                4.6                |                4.5                |                 4.4                 |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |                 4.1                 |
| ---- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: | :---------------------------------: |
| 18.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 17.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 16.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 15.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} |
| 14.x | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} |
| 13.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 12.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 11.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 10.x | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [Postgres Versioning](https://www.postgresql.org/support/versioning/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
psql --version
```

::caution
Always use caution when moving between major versions of Postgres (ex: 15.x to 16.x) as failure to adequately plan this migration may result in data-loss!
::
