content/2.components/4.cache.md, before:

---
title: Cache
description: Mastodon requires administrators to choose a Redis-compatible backend for operation. It supports Redis, Valkey, or DragonflyDB, and one of these must be is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-amazonelasticache
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

## Valkey

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 9.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.1           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |

References: [Valkey Releases](https://valkey.io/download/releases/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
valkey-server --version
```

## Redis

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 8.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.4           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 6.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 6.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

References: [Redis Releases](https://redis.io/docs/about/releases/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
redis-server --version
```

::caution
Mastodon has not required upgrades of Redis for many years, but this has changed with versions 4.4+.
Please review the available versions in your deployment carefully before upgrading.
::

## Dragonfly

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 1.27+         | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |
| 1.26.3+       | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |

References: Dragonfly Releases

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
dragonfly --version
```

::warning
[Dragonfly](https://www.dragonflydb.io) as a Redis API-compatible platform should be used with caution and is recommended for use only by experienced administrators who are willing/able to provide feedback.
::

Commit message:

Move icon key to properties table within each page

content/2.components/4.cache.md, after:

---
title: Cache
description: Mastodon requires administrators to choose a Redis-compatible backend for operation. It supports Redis, Valkey, or DragonflyDB, and one of these must be is present and configured.
navigation:
  icon: i-simple-icons-amazonelasticache
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

## Valkey

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 9.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.1           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [Valkey Releases](https://valkey.io/download/releases/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
valkey-server --version
```

## Redis

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 8.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 8.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.4           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"} |
| 7.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 6.2           | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |
| 6.0           | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} | :icon{name="twemoji:warning"} |

References: [Redis Releases](https://redis.io/docs/about/releases/)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
redis-server --version
```

::caution
Mastodon has not required upgrades of Redis for many years, but this has changed with versions 4.4+.
Please review the available versions in your deployment carefully before upgrading.
::

## Dragonfly

|               |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                 4.3                 |                 4.2                 |              4.1               |
| ------------- | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------: |
| 1.27+         | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |
| 1.26.3+       | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} | :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"} |

References: Dragonfly Releases

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
dragonfly --version
```

::warning
[Dragonfly](https://www.dragonflydb.io) as a Redis API-compatible platform should be used with caution and is recommended for use only by experienced administrators who are willing/able to provide feedback.
::
