content/2.components/7.search.md, before:

---
title: Search
description: Mastodon may optionally utilize an installation of Elasticsearch or OpenSearch. Administrators may add either service to enable full-text search features.
navigation:
  icon: i-material-symbols-database-search-outline
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

## Elasticsearch

|                   |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                  4.3                   |                  4.2                   |                  4.1                   |
| ----------------- | :--------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: |
| 9.x               | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     |
| 8.x               | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} |
| 7.x               | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   | :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   |  :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   |  :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   |  :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   |  :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}   |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [Elasticsearch Maintenance Policy](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
elasticsearch --version
```

::info
Due to a limitation in the Chewy library utilized by Mastodon, version 7.x is recommended or migrating to OpenSearch.
::

## OpenSearch

|                   |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                  4.3                   |                  4.2                   |                  4.1                   |
| ----------------- | :--------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: |
| 3.x               | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     | :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}     |
| 2.x               | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-mark-button"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="twemoji:check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="twemoji:warning"}              | Supported but deprecated or at end of life |
| :icon{name="twemoji:cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
| :icon{name="twemoji:white-circle"}         | Not available for this version             |
| :icon{name="twemoji:black-circle"}         | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [OpenSearch Maintenance Policy](https://opensearch.org/releases.html#maintenance-policy)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
opensearch --version
```

::info
OpenSearch is an API-compatible Elasticsearch 7.x fork. There are no major issues with utilizing it as a drop-in replacement for Elasticsearch.
::

Commit message:

Use Fluent icons instead of Twitter

content/2.components/7.search.md, after:

---
title: Search
description: Mastodon may optionally utilize an installation of Elasticsearch or OpenSearch. Administrators may add either service to enable full-text search features.
navigation:
  icon: i-material-symbols-database-search-outline
---

::tip
Recent branches of Mastodon are listed across the top of each table. The version of each required component is on the left side.
::

## Elasticsearch

|                   |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                  4.3                   |                  4.2                   |                  4.1                   |
| ----------------- | :--------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: |
| 9.x               | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} |      |      |      |      |
| 8.x               | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} |
| 7.x               | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   |  :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   |  :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   |  :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   |  :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}   |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-warning"}              | End of life, use with caution |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
::

References: [Elasticsearch Maintenance Policy](https://www.elastic.co/support/eol)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
elasticsearch --version
```

::info
Due to a limitation in the Chewy library utilized by Mastodon, version 7.x is recommended or migrating to OpenSearch.
::

## OpenSearch

|                   |                4.6                |                4.5                |                  4.4                   |                  4.3                   |                  4.2                   |                  4.1                   |
| ----------------- | :--------------------------------: | :--------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: | :----------------------------------------: |
| 3.x               | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} |      |      |      |      |
| 2.x               | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} |

::collapsible
| Key                                        |                                            |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"}    | Supported in this version                  |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-check-box-with-check"} | Supported with some caveats                |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-warning"}              | End of life, use with caution |
| :icon{name="i-fluent-emoji-flat-cross-mark"}           | Not supported in this version              |
|          | Not available for this version             |
|          | Not required for this version              |
::

References: [OpenSearch Maintenance Policy](https://opensearch.org/releases.html#maintenance-policy)

```bash [Terminal]
# Check running version
opensearch --version
```

::info
OpenSearch is an API-compatible Elasticsearch 7.x fork. There are no major issues with utilizing it as a drop-in replacement for Elasticsearch.
::
